Improve Figgy fixture behavior (#451)
pulibrary/dpul-collections: README.md

### Figgy Fixtures

We import fixtures from Figgy's production database into a Postgres Docker container so
that we can easily use it for testing indexing.

To refresh fixtures:
- `cd figgy-fixture-container && ./create-fixture-exports.sh`

 To add extra fixtures:
- Edit `figgy-fixture-container/create-fixture-exports.sh` and add an id to the EXTRA_RESOURCE_IDS var
- `cd figgy-fixture-container && ./create-fixture-exports.sh`

> Note that refreshing or adding a new fixture might require yout to make adjusts to test expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that refreshing or adding a new fixture might require you to make adjustments to test expectations.
```

Author: Good catch! Fixed.
